Blog post about commcall subtitles (#697)
ropensci/roweb2: content/blog/2020-05-11-subtitles/index.md

- automatic deletion of leading whitespaces;
- warnings regarding caption length, number of lines used, and caption reading speed (the longer the caption the longer it has to stay on screen so that viewers can read it!);
- full versioning of the subtitles, we can still go back through all the subtitle versions we edited.

#### Missing features

But there are other features we could not find (they might exist but we missed them?):

- an option to quickly merge subtitles. Very often, the subtitles are not split at the right place and you want to merge them to cut at the right time. A keyboard shortcut would be super useful here. It's even more annoying because when you try to select one subtitle to copy/paste it, amara removes your selection.
- by default, subtitles start/stop exactly at the same time as the audio. Maybe it's not the recommended practice but we found it more comfortable to add some buffer (even a split second) to give smoother flow, and leave a bit more time for the reader.

#### Proposed optimised workflow

> Given the amount of time required to achieve a perfect result (or even a "good enough" result as in this case), we are not sure it worth continuing this enterprise, at least as long as we don't find better tools / methods.

Author: I'm not sure it's really possible for us to answer this question. I think we would need to ask people who need the subtitles if (imperfect) auto-generated subtitles work for them or where exactly the threshold lies in their opinion.

Maybe it would be good to add a sentence mentioning this and suggesting that feedback on this specific point would be much appreciated.

Nonetheless, in case someone would like to try it next, we propose an optimised workflow, that may help reducing the time you spend:

1. Use the transcript provided by Zoom/YouTube.

> 1. Correct the beforehand transcript for typos and mistakes. In particular, pay attention to technical and field-specific terms (R, package names, URLs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Correct the initial raw transcript for typos and mistakes. In particular, pay attention to technical and field-specific terms (R, package names, URLs).
```

1. Make sure the breaks happen at the right place. If you opt for breaks based on the grammatical context, you don't need to have access for the video for this.

    These two steps can be done in your favorite text editor, thereby unlocking
    a much more efficient workflow. For example, if you use Vim (or RStudio with
    vim keybindings), then the 'merge line' operation that was difficult in
    amara is just a simple keystroke (J). You can also add a visual hint to make
    sure you respect the character width limit (follow [these steps]() for
    RStudio  for example).

1. Upload the corrected transcript on Amara.
1. Sync the subtitles with the audio. Because the breaks are already placed at

> the right time, this should be quick using amara and its keybord shortcuts, and drag and drop feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the right time, this should be quick using Amara and its keyboard shortcuts, and drag and drop feature.
1. Download the final transcript VTT file from Amara, upload it to the video on Vimeo, and enable Closed Captions to make them visible.
```
